PORT-13567 Add-callout-for-existing-integration-secrets-in-add-port-secrets-guide (#2118)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/guides/templates/secrets/_existing_secrets_callout.mdx

{/* When using this template, pass the prop `integration={INTEGRATION_NAME}` */}

> :::tip Existing secrets
> If you have already installed Port's {props.integration} integration, these secrets should already exist in your portal.  
> To view your existing secrets:
> 1. Click on the `...` button in the top right corner of your Port application.
> 2. Click on **Credentials**
> 3. Click on the `Secrets` tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Existing secrets
If you have already installed Port's {props.integration} integration, these secrets should already exist in your portal.  
To view your existing secrets:
1. Click on the `...` button in the top right corner of your Port application.
2. Choose **Credentials**, then click on the `Secrets` tab.
```
